[do not merge]server 4.0 docs release branch (#7023)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/installation/upgrade-server-4.adoc

---
version:
- Server v4.x
- Server Admin
---
= Upgrade server v4.x
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:page-description: "This document lists the steps required to upgrade a CircleCI server v4.x installation."
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

Upgrading your server v4.x installation requires that you have access to the Kubernetes cluster in which server is installed.

Before upgrading, ensure you have set up https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-operator-backup-and-restore[Backup and Restore]. 

> A successful deployment will update the UI. Unless noted in the release notes, updates are rolling updates and there is no downtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful deployment will update the web app. Unless noted in the release notes, updates are rolling updates and, there is no downtime. 
```

NOTE: We recommend that you do not skip releases.

. Before updating ensure there is a recent backup. For more information, see the https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-operator-backup-and-restore/#creating-backups[Backup and Restore] guide.

. Check the https://circleci.com/server/changelog/[change log] and make sure there are no actions you need to take before deploying a new version. 

> . Optionally, confirm what the update is going to do with https://github.com/databus23/helm-diff[Helm Diff]

Reviewer: I would add colons after the list items introducing the code in this section

+
[source,shell]
helm diff upgrade server -f <your-yaml.values> <path-to-server-chart>

. Perform the upgrade
+
[source,shell]
helm upgrade server -f <your-yaml.values> <path-to-server-chart>

> . Deploy and run https://github.com/circleci/realitycheck[`reality check`] in your test environment to ensure your installation is fully operational.

Reviewer: Hard to tell this is a link. Maybe we can find a way to style cod blocks that are also links, since they end up with no color change.

Author: Thanks! I'll add this to the list of design issues 👍
